[Workers] Fix KV max value size (#2816)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/runtime-apis/kv.md

This method returns a `Promise` that you should `await` on in order to verify a successful update.

> The maximum size of a value is 25MiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size of a value is 25 MiB.
```
